[drum rolls, bugles play introduction]
["Emergency Broadcast"
by Illest Uminati playing]
[woman panting]
[labored breathing]
-[gasping]
-[footsteps approaching]
[whimpering]
[man] Do you find me sadistic?
[gasping]
You know,
I'll bet I could fry an egg
on your head right now.
If I wanted to.
You know, Kiddo…
I'd like to believe
you're aware enough, even now,
to know that there's nothing sadistic
in my actions.
Well, maybe towards those other jokers.
But not you.
No, Kiddo.
At this moment…
this is me
at my most… masochistic.
Bill,
-it's your ba--
-[gunshot]
["Bang Bang" by Nancy Sinatra playing]
[song fades]
[birds chirping in distance]
-[brakes screech]
-[engine idles]
[bell chimes]
[woman] Coming!
Sarah, I cannot believe you are early.
["Ironside" theme playing]
[grunting]
[glass shattering]
[glass smashing]
[groaning]
[thudding]
[gasping and panting]
[gasping]
[grunting]
[The Bride yelps]
[glass shattering]
What you gonna
do now, huh? What you got?
I got your ass!
Remember that? Huh? Remember?
Okay. Come on, bitch.
Come on. Bring it on.
[both pant]
[both panting]
[bus door hisses]
[children talking in distance]
Mommy, I'm home.
Hey, baby.
How was school?
Mommy, what happened to you
and the TV room?
Oh.
That good-for-nothing dog of yours
got his little ass
in the living room and acted a damn fool.
That's what happened, baby.
-Barney did this?
-Baby,
now, you can't come in here.
There's broken glass everywhere,
and you could cut yourself.
[pants]
This is an old friend of Mommy's
I ain't seen in a long time.
Hi, honey.
I'm [bleep]
What's your name?
Her name is Nikki.
Nikki.
Such a pretty name for such a pretty girl.
How old are you, Nikki?
Nikki, [bleep] asked you a question.
I'm four.
Four years old, eh?
You know, I had a little girl once.
She'd be about four now.
Now, baby, me and Mommy's friend
got some grown-up talk to talk about.
So you can go in your room now.
And I want you to leave us alone
till I tell you to come out. Okay?
Nikkia!
In your room. Now.
You want some coffee?
[chuckles] Yeah. Sure.
[The Bride] This Pasadena homemaker's
name is Jeannie Bell.
Her husband is Dr. Lawrence Bell.
But back when we were acquainted
four years ago,
her name was Vernita Green.
Her code name was Copperhead.
Mine, Black Mamba.
Do you have a towel?
[Vernita] Yeah.
Thanks.
You still take cream and sugar, right?
Yeah.
So I suppose it's a little late
for an apology, huh?
You suppose correctly.
Look, bitch, I need to know
if you're gonna start any more shit
around my baby girl.
You can relax for now.
I'm not gonna murder you
in front of your child, okay?
That's being more rational
than Bill led me to believe
you were capable of.
It's mercy, compassion,
and forgiveness I lack.
Not rationality.
[Vernita] Look,
I know I fucked you over.
I fucked you over bad.
I wish to God I hadn't, but I did.
-You have every right to want to get even.
-[The Bride] No.
No.
To get even, even-steven…
I would have to kill you,
go up to Nikki's room, kill her.
Then wait for your husband,
the good Dr. Bell, to come home,
and kill him.
That would be even, Vernita.
That'd be about square.
Look, if I could go back
in a machine, I would.
But I can't.
All I can tell you is
that I'm a different person now.
Oh, great.
-I don't care.
-Be that as it may,
I know I don't deserve your mercy
or your forgiveness.
However, I beseech you
for both on behalf of my daughter.
Bitch, you can stop right there.
Just because I have no wish to murder you
before the eyes of your daughter
does not mean that parading her
around in front of me
is gonna inspire sympathy.
You and I have unfinished business.
And not a goddamn fucking thing
you've done
in the subsequent four years,
including getting knocked up,
is gonna change that.
So when do we do this?
It all depends.
When do you want to die?
Tomorrow?
The day after tomorrow?
How about tonight, bitch?
Splendid. Where?
There's a baseball diamond
where I coach our little league
about a mile from here.
We meet there around 2:30
in the morning,
dressed all in black,
your hair in a black stocking.
And we have us a knife fight.
We won't be bothered.
Now…
[chuckles] I have to fix Nikki's cereal.
Bill always said you were
one of the best ladies he ever saw
-with an edged weapon.
-Fuck you, bitch.
I know he didn't qualify that shit.
So you can just kiss my motherfucking ass,
Black Mamba.
I should have been
motherfucking Black Mamba.
Weapon of choice?
Hey, if you want to stick with
your butcher knife, that's fine with me.
Very funny, bitch.
-Very funny!
-[gunshot]
[mug shatters]
[glass squeaks]
[thudding]
It was not my intention to do this
in front of you.
For that, I'm sorry.
But you can take my word for it.
Your mother had it coming.
[knife scraping]
When you grow up…
if you still feel raw about it…
I'll be waiting.
[man, speaking Japanese]
For those regarded as warriors,
when engaged in combat
the vanquishing of thine enemy
can be the warrior's only concern.
Suppress all human emotion
and compassion…
kill whoever stands in thy way,
even if that be Lord God,
or Buddha himself.
This truth lies at the heart
of the art of combat.
[car engine starts]
[engine revs]
[man, on radio] Y'all, come on out
to Dallas, ya hear?
This is rockabilly rhythms on KTRN,
Wichita Falls. And next,
we got some record.
Very own wild man, Charlie Feathers.
["That Certain Female"
by Charlie Feathers playing]
[cars stops, music ends]
Well,
give me the gory details,
son number one.
It's a goddamn massacre, Pop.
They wiped out the whole wedding party,
execution style.
Give me a figure.
Nine dead bodies.
And we're talking the whole shebang.
Bride. Groom.
Reverend.
Reverend's wife.
Hell, they even shot
that old colored fella
that plays the organ.
It would appear to me
somebody objected to this union
and wasn't able to hold their peace.
[Pop sniffs]
Good gravy, Marie.
[spits]
What'd I tell you, Pop?
It's like a goddamn
Nicaraguan death squad.
You better shit-can that blasphemy, boy.
-You're in a house of worship.
-Sorry, Pop.
Well, this is definitely
the work of professionals.
I'd guesstimate Mexican mafia hit squad.
Four, maybe five strong.
How can you tell?
Well, a sure and steady hand did this.
This ain't no squirrelly amateur.
This is the work of a salty dog.
You can tell by the cleanliness
of the carnage.
Now, a kill-crazy rampage,
though it may be,
all the colors are kept inside the lines.
If you was a moron,
you could almost admire it.
Who's the bride?
[Edgar] Don't know.
The name on the marriage certificate
is Arlene Machiavelli.
That's a fake.
We've all just been calling her
"The Bride"
on account of the dress.
[Earl] You can tell she was pregnant.
Man would have to be a mad dog
to shoot a goddamn
good-looking gal like that in the head.
Look at her.
Hay-colored hair. Big eyes.
She's a little blood-spattered angel.
[The Bride spits]
-Son number one?
-Yeah?
This tall drink of cocksucker ain't dead.
[thunder rumbling]
[ECG beeping]
[woman whistling "Twisted Nerve"
by Bernard Herrman]
[whistling continues]
[whistling fades into instrumental
version of "Twisted Nerve"]
[sinister music rises]
[music fades]
[thunder rumbling]
[door squeaks]
[ECG beeping]
I might never have liked you.
Point in fact, I despise you.
But that shouldn't suggest
that I don't respect you.
Dying in our sleep is a luxury
that our kind is rarely afforded.
My gift to you.
[cell phone rings]
For fuck's sake.
Hello, Bill.
[Bill] What's her condition?
Comatose.
[Bill] Where is she?
I'm standing over her right now.
[Bill] That's my girl.
[chuckles]
[Bill] Elle,
you're going to abort the mission.
[Elle] What?
[Bill] We owe her better than that.
Oh, you don't owe her shit!
-[Bill] Will you keep your voice down?
-You don't owe her shit!
[Bill] May I say one thing?
[Elle] Speak.
[Bill] Y'all beat the hell out of
that woman. But you didn't kill her.
And I put a bullet in her head.
But her heart just kept on beating.
Now, you saw that yourself
with your own beautiful
blue eye, did you not?
We've done a lot of things
to this lady.
And if she ever wakes up,
we'll do a whole lot more.
But one thing we won't do
is sneak into her room
in the night like a filthy rat
and kill her in her sleep.
And the reason we won't do that thing
is because that thing would lower us.
Don't you agree, Miss Driver?
[Elle] I guess.
[Bill] Do you really have to guess?
[Elle sighs] No. I don't really
have to guess. I know.
[Bill] Come on home, honey.
[Elle] Affirmative.
[Bill] I love you very much.
[Elle] I love you, too.
Bye-bye.
[phone slams]
[ECG beeping]
Thought that was
pretty fucking funny, didn't you?
Word of advice, shithead.
Don't you ever wake up.
[loud gasp]
-[Bill] At this moment, this is me…
-[gun cocks]
at my most masochistic.
-[The Bride] Bill, it's your b--
-[firing]
[gunshot echoes]
[gasps]
[sobs]
[screaming]
[sobbing]
Oh, my baby.
[crying]
[gasping]
[quietly] Four years.
Four years.
[whistling, banging outside]
[footsteps approaching]
The price is $75 a fuck, my friend.
You getting your freak on or what?
Oh, yeah, boy.
[man] Twenty, 40, 60, 75.
Yeah. Now, here's the rules.
[clears throat]
Rule number one.
No punching her.
Nurse comes in tomorrow
and she got her a shiner
or less some teeth, jig's up.
So no knuckle sandwiches
under no circumstances.
And by the way,
this little cunt's a spitter.
It's a motor-reflex thing.
But spit or no, no punching.
Now, are we absolutely, positively clear
on rule number one?
-Yeah.
-Good. Now, rule number two.
No monkey bites no hickeys.
In fact, no leaving no marks of no kind.
After that, it's all good, buddy.
Now, her plumbing down there
don't work no more.
So feel free to come in her
all you want.
Keep the noise down. Try not to make
a mess. I'll be back in 20.
[chuckles]
Yeah.
Oh, shit.
By the way,
not all the time, but sometimes
this chick's cooch can get drier
than a bucket of sand.
If she dry, you just lube up with this
and you'll be good to go.
[cackles]
Bon appetite, good buddy.
[giggles]
[sniggers]
Oh, yeah.
Oh, goddamn.
You are the best-looking girl
I've had today.
[man screams]
-[The Bride groans]
-[body thuds]
[whistling]
[ominous music plays]
[floor squeaks]
Yo, stud! Time's up, buddy.
Coming in, ready or not.
Hey, buddy, did you have
yourself a good time, man?
Whoa.
[melodramatic music rises]
[screaming]
[The Bride panting]
-Where's Bill?
-[grunting]
Where's Bill?
-Please stop hitting me.
-Where's Bill?
-[man] I don't know who Bill is!
-Bullshit!
-[man groans]
-[The Bride panting heavily]
Well, ain't you the slice of cutie pie
they said you was?
Jane Doe, huh?
Oh, we don't know shit about you, do we?
Well, I'm from Huntsville, Texas.
My name is Buck, and I'm here to fuck.
[sinister laugh]
Your name is Buck.
Right?
And you came here to fuck.
-Right?
-Wait a minute. Wait.
[Buck yelps]
[panting]
Pussy wagon.
You fucker.
["Truck Turner Main Title"
by Isaac Hayes playing]
Texas. Okay.
[music stops abruptly]
-[grunts]
-[wheelchair rolls away]
[strains]
[pants]
[panting]
Wiggle your big toe.
As I lay in the back of Buck's truck,
trying to will my limbs out of entropy…
Wiggle your big toe.
…I could see the faces
of the cunts who did this to me.
And the dicks responsible.
Members all
of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad.
When fortune smiles
on something as violent
and ugly as revenge,
it seems proof like no other
that not only does God exist,
you're doing his will.
At a time when I knew
the least about my enemies,
the first name on my death list,
O-Ren Ishii, was the easiest to find.
But, of course, when one manages
the difficult task
of becoming queen of the Tokyo underworld,
one doesn't keep it a secret, does one?
[The Bride] O-Ren Ishii was born
on an American military base
in Tokyo, Japan.
The half-Japanese, half-Chinese
American Army brat
made her first acquaintance
with death at the age of nine.
It was at that age she witnessed
the death of her parents at the hands
of Japan's most ruthless yakuza boss,
Boss Matsumoto.
["The Grand Duel (Parte Prima)"
by Luis Bacalov playing]
-[man laughing]
-[woman strains]
-[bones cracking]
-[groans]
[glass shatters]
[grunts]
[blood spatters]
[thudding]
[grunts]
[sword ringing]
[chuckles]
["The Grand Duel" intensifies]
-[sword rings]
-[child gasps]
[laughing maniacally]
[coughs, spits]
[woman whimpers]
[thud]
[sniggers]
-[groans]
-[woman whimpers]
[screaming]
Mommy.
[melancholic music rises]
[cackling]
[music fades]
-[gunshot]
-[bottle smashes]
[flame ignites]
[man chuckles]
[The Bride] She swore revenge.
Luckily for her, Boss Matsumoto
was a pedophile.
[sword rings]
[The Bride] At 11, she got her revenge.
[Matsumoto grunts]
[speaking Japanese]
Look at me Matsumoto,
take a good look at my face.
Look at my eyes.
Look at my mouth.
Do I look familiar?
Do I look like somebody you murdered!
[Matsumoto screams]
[inhales, sighs heavily]
[footsteps approaching]
[gasps]
["The Grand Duel"
by Luis Bacalov plays]
[gunfire]
[shell casings rattle]
[music continues]
-[gunfire]
-[henchman screams]
[gunshot]
-[gunshot]
-[groans]
[The Bride] By 20,
she was one of the top female assassins
in the world.
["Run Fay Run" by Isaac Hayes playing]
[laughing]
[gun firing]
[splatting]
[screaming]
[The Bride] At 25,
she did her part in the killing
of nine innocent people,
including my unborn daughter,
in a small wedding chapel
in El Paso, Texas.
But on that day four years ago,
she made one big mistake.
She should have killed ten.
However,
before satisfaction would be mine,
first things first.
Wiggle your big toe.
Hard part's over.
Now,
let's get these other piggies wiggling.
[door creaks]
[door closes]
[door opens]
[engine revs, tires screech]
Welcome to Air O. May I help you?
Okinawa. One-way.
[airplane engine hums]
[instrumental version of "Bang Bang"
by Nancy Sinatra plays]
[music fades]
[The Bride] Hi.
[speaking Japanese] Welcome.
[speaking English] Welcome.
You English?
Almost. American.
American. Welcome, American.
Domo.
My English very good.
You said "domo."
Can you speak Japanese?
No. No. Just a few words
I learned since yesterday.
Um…
-May I sit at the bar?
-[bartender] Oh, sure, sure. Please sit.
Oh!
What other words did you learn?
Oh. Just a minute.
[yelling in Japanese] We have a customer.
Bring out some tea, quickly. quickly.
[man, speaking Japanese]
I'm watching my soap operas.
[muttering in Japanese]
Oh shit! Lazy bastard…
[yelling] Screw your soap opera…
hurry up!
[man] The tea's hot.
Why don't you serve it yourself for once?
[speaking English]
Shut up! Get your ass out here!
Excuse me.
Uh-- uh-- uh…
What other Japanese do you know?
Oh. Let's see. Arigato.
Arigato. Good!
Um…
Uh-- I already said "domo", right?
[bartender] Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Konn-itch-iwa.
[chuckles]
Kohn-nee-chee-wah.
Konnichiwa.
Please repeat.
Perfect. Good, good, good.
You say Japanese word like you Japanese.
Now you're making fun of me!
No, no, no. Serious business.
Pronunciation very good.
You say "arigato" like we say "arigato."
[laughs]
Well, thank you. I mean…
-Arigato.
-[man exclaims]
You should learn Japanese.
Very easy.
[chuckles] No kidding.
I heard it was kind of hard.
[bartender] Most difficult.
But you have Japanese tongue.
[laughs]
[bartender] Okay. Okay.
[speaking Japanese]
Sorry to have kept you waiting.
[speaking English] Oh, my God.
[yelling in Japanese]
Hey, what the hell happened to the tea.
Hurry up, goddammit!
[slicing]
[muttering in Japanese] Lazy oaf…
[sighs]
[speaking Japanese] What d'ya want?
I beg your pardon?
Uh-- uh-- uh…
To drink.
Oh, yes. A bottle of warm sake, please.
Warm sake?
Very good!
[speaking Japanese] One warm sake!
[speaking Japanese]
Sake? In the middle of the day?
Day, night, afternoon, who gives a damn?
Get the sake! Get the sake!
How come I always have
to get the sake?
You listen well…
For thirty years, you make the fish,
I get the sake.
If this were the military,
I'd be General by now!
Oh, so you'd be General, huh?
If you were General,
I'd be Emperor,
and you'd still get the sake.
So shut up and get the sake.
[speaking English] Do you understand?
[speaking Japanese]
I'm not bald, okay? I shaved my head.
[speaking English]
Do you understand me?
[clattering]
[speaking English] Sorry.
[speaking Japanese] What was I saying? Oh!
[speaking English] First time in Japan?
-Mm-hmm.
-Oh.
What brings you to Okinawa?
I came to see a man.
Oh, yeah.
You have a friend live in Okinawa?
-Not quite.
-[chopping]
[bartender] Not friend?
I never met him.
[bartender] Never?
Who is he?
May I ask?
Hattori Hanzo.
-[stops chopping]
-[glass breaks in background]
[speaking Japanese]
What do you want with Hattori Hanzo?
[speaking Japanese] I need Japanese steel.
[speaking Japanese]
Why do you need Japanese steel?
[speaking Japanese] I have vermin to kill.
[speaking English] You must have big rats,
you need Hattori Hanzo's steel.
[speaking English] Huge.
[door creaks]
["Kaifuku Suru Kizu"
by Lily Chou-Chou playing]
May I?
You may.
Wait.
Try the second one down.
[exhales]
[blade rings]
Funny.
You like samurai swords…
I like baseball.
[speaking Japanese]
I wanted to show you these.
However…
someone as you, who knows
so much, must surely know,
I no longer make
instruments of death.
What I have here,
I keep for their aesthetic
and sentimental value.
Yet proud as I am of my life's work…
I have retired.
[The Bride, speaking English]
Then give me one of these.
[Hattori, speaking English] These
are not for sale.
I didn't say, "Sell me."
I said, "Give me."
[chuckles]
Why should I help you?
Because my vermin is
a former student of yours.
And considering the student,
I'd say you have
a rather large obligation.
[speaking Japanese] You can sleep here.
It will take me a month
to make the sword.
I suggest you spend it practicing.
[flute introduction to
"The Lonely Shepherd" by Zamfir playing]
[sword chimes]
[sighs]
[speaking Japanese] I've completed doing…
what I swore an oath to God,
28 years ago…
to never do again.
I have created
"something that kills people."
And in that purpose, I was a success.
I've done this because philosophically,
I am sympathetic to your aim.
I can tell you with no ego,
this is my finest sword.
If on your journey,
you should encounter God,
God will be cut.
Yellow-haired warrior… Go.
Domo.
[full band version of
"The Lonely Shepherd" plays]
[The Bride]
It was one year after the massacre
in El Paso, Texas,
that Bill backed his Nippon progeny
financially and philosophically
in her Shakespearean-in-magnitude
power struggle with the other yakuza clans
over who would rule vice
in the city of Tokyo.
When the final sword was sheathed,
it was O-Ren Ishii
and her powerful posse,
the Crazy 88, that proved the victor.
[men cheering]
[The Bride] The pretty lady
to O-Ren's right,
who's dressed like
she's a villain on Star Trek,
is O-Ren's lawyer,
best friend, and second lieutenant,
the half-French,
half-Japanese Sofie Fatale.
Another former protégée of Bill's.
[men cheering]
[The Bride] The young girl
in the school girl uniform
is O-Ren's personal bodyguard,
17-year-old Gogo Yubari.
Gogo may be young,
but what she lacks in age,
she makes up for in madness.
[speaking Japanese]
Do you like Ferraris?
Ferrari… Italian trash.
[bottle thuds]
Do you want to screw me?
[sniggers]
Don't laugh. Do you want to
screw me, yes or no?
Yes.
[slicing]
How 'bout now, big boy?
Do you still wish to penetrate me…
or is it I who has penetrated you?
[The Bride] See what I mean?
The bald guy in the black suit
and the Kato mask
is Johnny Mo, the head general
of O-Ren's personal army,
the Crazy 88.
And, just in case you were wondering,
how could a half-breed
Japanese-Chinese American
become the boss of all bosses
in Tokyo, Japan?
I'll tell you.
The subject of O-Ren's blood
and nationality
came up before the council only once,
the night O-Ren assumed power
over the crime council.
[The Bride] The man who seems bound
and determined
to break the mood is Boss Tanaka.
And what Boss Tanaka thinks is…
[glass shatters]
[yelling in Japanese] Boss Tanaka!
What's the meaning of this outburst?
This is a time for celebration!
[speaking in Japanese]
And what exactly are we celebrating?
The perversion of our illustrious council?
Tanaka, have you gone mad?
I will not tolerate this!
You're disrespecting our sister.
Apologize!
[O-Ren, speaking in Japanese] Tanaka-San,
of what perversion do you speak?
My father,
along with yours, and along with yours,
started this council.
And while you laugh
like stupid donkeys,
-they weep in the afterlife…
-Shut up!
…over the perversion committed today.
Outrageous!
Tanaka, it is you who insults the council!
Bastard!
-Fuck face!
-Gentlemen.
Tanaka obviously has something
on his mind.
By all means, allow him to express it.
I speak,
of the perversion done to this council,
which I love,
more than my own children,
by making a Chinese Jap-American
half-breed bitch its leader!
-[sword rings]
-[all gasps]
[thudding]
[screams]
[speaking Japanese]
So that you understand how serious I am,
-I'm going to say this in English.
-[gasps]
-[speaking English] As your leader…
-[Sofie translating]
I encourage you from time to time,
and always in a respectful manner,
to question my logic.
If you're unconvinced
a particular plan of action
I've decided is the wisest,
tell me so.
But allow me to convince you.
And I promise you, right here and now,
no subject will ever be taboo.
Except, of course, the subject that was
just under discussion.
The price you pay
for bringing up either
my Chinese or American heritage
as a negative is,
I collect your fucking head.
Just like this fucker here.
[translating]
Now, if any of you sons of bitches
got anything else to say,
now's the fucking time!
I didn't think so.
[clattering]
[speaking Japanese]
Gentlemen, this meeting is adjourned.
One ticket to Tokyo, please.
[airplane engine hums]
["Green Hornet Theme"
by Al Hirt playing]
[engines rev]
["Green Hornet Theme" continues]
[engine revs]
[engines roar]
[signal clicks]
[bike revs]
[indistinct chatter]
[Auld Lang Syne ringtone chimes]
Moshi moshi.
[speaking Japanese] They are in a meeting.
Can you call back again later?
Your wife is with you?
Yes, I understand. Yes.
[engine roars]
["Battle without Honor or Humanity"
by Tomoyasu Hotei plays]
[speaking Japanese]
Thank you for coming.
We've prepared special dishes for you.
Please come this way.
["Battle without Honor or Humanity"
fades into band playing]
Hey!
Hey, you!
[audience clapping]
[indistinct chatter]
[band playing "I'm Blue"]
♪ I'm blue ♪
[speaking Japanese]
No, it's not like that.
So, in between the legs of the old guy,
the face of an old lady appeared.
So here's the reason.
She saw the Johnson
is pointing up straight.
[band continues]
[silence rises]
[swishing]
Gogo.
♪ I'm blue ♪
-♪ I'm blue, I'm blue ♪
-[wood creaks]
-[band tempo increases
-♪ I'm blue ♪
♪ Gong, gong, gong,
gong, gong, gong, yeah ♪
♪ I'm blue ♪
♪ Gong, gong, gong,
gong, gong, gong, yeah ♪
♪ I'm blue… ♪
♪ I'm blue ♪
♪ I'm blue, I'm blue ♪
[people cheering]
[band transitions to "Woo Hoo"]
Yeah!
Whoo!
♪ Woo hoo, woo hoo… ♪
[band continues]
♪ Woo hoo, woo hoo hoo… ♪
[speaking Japanese]
You have to say "Yes, yes, yes"
-to any selfish demands they make.
-They demand ridiculous things.
Shut up. Do you know what would
happen if they heard you?
-What's gonna happen?
-Did you hear about the Tanaka clan?
-You're gonna get your head chopped off.
-No, I don't want that.
♪ Woo hoo, woo hoo hoo ♪
♪ Woo hoo, woo hoo ♪
♪ Woo hoo, woo hoo hoo… ♪
[music ends]
[audience cheering]
[Auld Lang Syne ringtone chiming]
[Sofie, speaking Japanese]
Yes, it's me.
And if you give us a contact number,
we will get back to you.
["Ironside" theme playing]
[speaking English] Hey! You.
[speaking Japanese]
Who do you remind me of?
Oh!
-Charlie Brown!
-[all laugh]
You're right,
he does look like Charlie Brown.
Charlie Brown,
four pepperoni pizzas.
That's not on our menu.
-I don't care, bring them, goddammit!
-Bring them goddammit!
Hey, hey, Charlie, give me a kiss.
[The Bride] O-Ren Ishii!
[speaking Japanese]
You and I have unfinished business!
["Death Rides a Horse"
by Ennio Morricone playing]
[Sofie Fatale screams]
[screaming]
["Death Rides a Horse" continues]
[crowd screaming]
-[screaming]
-[song fades]
[speaking Japanese]
Charlie Brown, beat it.
Miki.
[yells]
[sword clatters]
[groans]
-[speaking Japanese] Tear the bitch apart!
-[all yell]
[screaming]
[swords ring]
[groans]
[thudding]
[splashing]
[yelling]
[screams]
[The Bride] So, O-Ren…
any more subordinates for me to kill?
[Gogo] Hi!
[The Bride, speaking Japanese]
Gogo, right?
Bingo.
[speaking Japanese]
And you're Black Mamba.
[The Bride] Our reputations precede us.
Don't they?
[The Bride, speaking English] Gogo,
I know you feel you must
protect your mistress.
But I beg you…
walk away.
[giggles]
[speaking Japanese] You call that begging?
You can beg better than that.
[clanging, chain rattles]
[wind whooshes]
[wood splintering]
[grunts]
[chain rattles]
[thudding]
[glass shattering]
-[wood creaks]
-[glass shatters]
[pants]
[crashing]
[groans]
[strains]
[choking]
[groans]
[screams]
[rattling]
[vehicles approaching]
[engines rumbling]
Is that what I think it is?
You didn't think it was gonna be
that easy, did you?
You know, for a second there,
yeah, I kind of did.
Silly rabbit.
-Trix are for--
-Kids.
[screams]
[stomping]
["Crane/White Lightning" by RZA plays]
[swords ring]
[groans]
[screaming]
[swords ring]
[groans]
[thud]
[clattering]
[sword rings]
[yelling]
[yelling, grunting]
[screams]
[clattering]
[swords ring]
["Champions of Death"
by Shuzsuko Kibushi playing]
-[sword rings]
-[grunting]
[groans]
[pants]
["Hound Chase (Intro)"
by Charles Bernstein plays]
["Nobody But Me"
by The Human Beinz playing]
[all yelling]
[ripping]
[powering down]
[swords ring]
[sword clangs]
[screams]
[thud]
[blade clangs]
[panting]
This is what you get
for fucking around with yakuzas!
Go home to your mother!
[yelling]
[screams]
-[panting]
-[all groaning]
[speaking Japanese] Those of you
lucky enough to still have your lives,
take them with you!
However,
leave the limbs you've lost.
They belong to me now.
[speaking English] Except you, Sofie!
You stay right where you are.
[woman, in Japanese] What are you going
to do about this place after all this?
[squeals]
My place…
[owner continues whining]
[O-Ren, speaking English]
Your instrument is quite impressive.
[speaking Japanese]
Where was it made?
-Okinawa.
-[bamboo fountain clunking]
[O-Ren, speaking Japanese]
Whom in Okinawa made you this steel?
[The Bride, speaking English]
This is Hattori Hanzo steel.
[speaking Japanese] You lie!
[chuckles]
[speaking Japanese]
Swords, however, never get tired.
I hope you've saved your energy.
If you haven't…
you might not last five minutes.
But as last looks go,
you could do worse.
["Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood"
by Santa Esmeralda playing]
[swords ring]
[music intensifies]
-[The Bride yelps]
-[music stops]
[chuckles]
[speaking English] Silly Caucasian girl
likes to play with samurai swords.
[gasping]
You may not be able
to fight like a samurai…
but you can at least die like a samurai.
[echoed gasp]
[wincing]
[panting]
[speaking Japanese]
Attack me… with everything you have.
[blades clash]
[water burbling]
[fountain clunks]
[panting]
[speaking Japanese]
For ridiculing you earlier…
I apologize.
[speaking Japanese] Accepted.
[water burbling]
[speaking Japanese] Ready?
[speaking Japanese] Come on.
[swords ring]
[grunting]
["The Flower of Carnage"
by Meiko Kaji playing]
[speaking Japanese] That really was a…
Hattori Hanzo sword.
["The Flower of Carnage" continues]
[man, shouting in Japanese]
Come and give us a hand!
[Bill] Sofie…
Sofie…
My Sofie…
I'm so sorry.
Please.
Please forgive my betrayal.
[Bill] No more of that.
But still…
[Bill] But still nothing…
except my aching heart
over what she's done
to my beautiful and brilliant Sofie.
[The Bride]
I've kept you alive for two reasons.
The first reason is information.
[speaking French] Burn in hell,
you stupid blonde! I'll tell you nothing!
[The Bride, speaking English]
But I am gonna ask you questions.
And every time you don't give me answers,
I'm gonna cut something off.
And I promise you,
they will be things you will miss!
-Give me your other arm!
-[Sofie screams]
[sighs]
[The Bride] I want all the information
on the Deadly Vipers.
[Bill] If you had to guess…
[The Bride] What they've been doing…
[Bill] …why she left you alive…
[The Bride] …and where I can find them.
[Bill] …what would be your guess?
Guessing won't be necessary.
She informed me.
She said I could keep my wicked life
for two reasons.
[The Bride] As I said before,
I've allowed you to keep
your wicked life for two reasons.
And the second reason is
so you can tell him, in person,
everything that happened here tonight.
I want him to witness
the extent of my mercy
by witnessing your deformed body.
I want you to tell him
all the information you just told me.
I want him to know what I know.
I want him to know
I want him to know.
And I want them all to know
they'll all soon be as dead as O-Ren.
[flute introduction to
"The Lonely Shepherd" by Zamfir playing]
[Hattori Hanzo, speaking Japanese]
Revenge is never a straight line.
It's a forest.
And like a forest,
it's easy to lose your way,
to get lost, to forget
where you came in.
That woman deserves her revenge.
["The Lonely Shepard" continues]
And…
we deserve to die.
She must suffer to her last breath.
How did you find me?
[Bill] I'm the man.
[chuckles]
[Bill] One more thing, Sofie.
Is she aware her daughter is still alive?
["The Lonely Shepherd" intensifies]
["Urami Bushi" by Meiko Kaji playing]